---
title: Modding_Palettes
---

This file is accurate as of version 1.2

Just a quick table for which palette files are attached to which graphics. This is a work-in-progress; it is not complete.

In order for changes to take effect, the game must be quit and restarted. Note that only 8-bit BMPs use the palette files. As a result of this, there may be palette files that are associated with a graphic file, but because the graphic file is 24-bit, the palette file is not used.

<table border="1" cellspacing="0"><caption>Palette File Associations</caption><tbody><tr><th>Palette Filename</th><th>Affected Files</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td>Armypalette 3.bmp</td><td><ul><li>GFX\Interface\illegalmoveorder.bmp</li><li>GFX\Interface\moveorderanim.bmp</li></ul></td><td>Move order and Illegal Move Order feedback on map</td></tr><tr><td>attack_dark.bmp</td><td></td><td>Attack arrow colour (the one that gets smaller as the army progresses along the arrow)</td></tr><tr><td>attack_light.bmp</td><td></td><td>Attack arrow progress colour (the one that gets larger as the army progresses along the arrow)</td></tr><tr><td>beach_palette.bmp</td><td>GFX\map\beach.bmp</td><td>Beaches on the map</td></tr><tr><td>bg_diplomacy.bmp</td><td>GFX\Interface\bg_diplomacy.bmp</td><td>Background overlay of diplomacy screen</td></tr><tr><td>bg_production.bmp</td><td>GFX\Interface\bg_production.bmp</td><td>Background overlay of production screen</td></tr><tr><td>bg_technology.bmp</td><td>GFX\Interface\bg_technology.bmp</td><td>Background overlay of technology screen</td></tr><tr><td>buildings_palette.bmp</td><td><ul><li>GFX\map\airfield.bmp</li><li>GFX\map\antiair.bmp</li><li>GFX\map\city.bmp</li><li>GFX\map\coastal_fortification.bmp</li><li>GFX\map\flak.bmp (?)</li><li>GFX\map\fortification.bmp</li><li>GFX\map\harbour.bmp</li><li>GFX\map\victory_point.bmp</li></ul></td><td>Palette for on-map icons (also for the icons in the province overview)</td></tr><tr><td>oil_no_oil_palette.bmp</td><td>GFX\Interface\oil_no_oil.bmp</td><td>Oil icon for the plate display of divisions</td></tr><tr><td>map_circle_palette.bmp</td><td>GFX\Interface\map_circle.bmp</td><td>Map circles used in the Diplomatic mode to indicate national provinces.</td></tr><tr><td>points.bmp</td><td>GFX\Interface\points.bmp</td><td>Victory Point Circles for the provinces.</td></tr><tr><td>tile.bmp</td><td>map\tiles.bmp</td><td>rivers for the main map.</td></tr></tbody></table>
